TileView: Add Getting Started (#7795)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/TileView/05 Getting Started with TileView/10 Specify an Item Template.md

---

##### jQuery

> The default behavior of TileView is to display tile text defined in the **items[]**.[text](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTileView/Configuration/items/#text) property. To implement custom tile content, define [templates](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/Common/Templates/). Specify **items[]**.[template](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTileView/Configuration/items/#template) to customize a specific item and [itemTemplate](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTileView/Configuration/#itemTemplate) to customize all items. This example implements the **itemTemplate** property:

Reviewer: I may have mentioned this already. Our code samples don't "implement" properties. We only show how to use those properties. It's DevExpress developers who implement properties. 

I also want to change the first part that sounds rather complicated - "The default behavior of TileView is to display",

```suggestion
If you run the application now, tiles will simply display text defined in the **items[]**.[text](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTileView/Configuration/items/#text) property. To customize tile content, define [templates](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/Common/Templates/). Specify **items[]**.[template](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTileView/Configuration/items/#template) to customize a specific item and [itemTemplate](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTileView/Configuration/#itemTemplate) to customize all items. This example uses the **itemTemplate** property:
```

Author: I agree, the first sentence seems a bit complicated. However, I have a couple of questions about your suggestion, particularly about the following two words: "will simply".

For the first one, I thought it's best to stick to the present simple tense and avoid future tenses, along with the word "will".

As for the second, "simply" seems like a filler word that doesn't add much to this sentence. Perhaps we can shorten the first sentence of this paragraph by removing these two words?
```suggestion
If you run the application now, tiles display text defined in the **items[]**.[text](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTileView/Configuration/items/#text) property. To customize tile content, define [templates](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/Common/Templates/). Specify **items[]**.[template](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTileView/Configuration/items/#template) to customize a specific item and [itemTemplate](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTileView/Configuration/#itemTemplate) to customize all items. This example uses the **itemTemplate** property:
```
I would also like to suggest replacing the first part of the sentence (before the comma) with something like "At this point" or "At this point in the tutorial". What do you think?

Reviewer: Your suggestion is fine with me. You can also go ahead and change the first part to "At this point...".

            <div class="icon-box">
                <i class="dx-icon-{{data.icon}}"></i>
            </div>
            <div class="text-box">
                <h3 class="tile-title">{{data.title}}</h3>
                <p class="tile-text">{{data.text}}</p>
            </div>
        </div>
    </dx-tile-view>

##### Vue

The default behavior of TileView is to display tile text defined in the **items[]**.[text](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTileView/Configuration/items/#text) property. To implement custom tile content, define [templates](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/Common/Templates/). Specify **items[]**.[template](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTileView/Configuration/items/#template) to customize a specific item and [itemTemplate](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTileView/Configuration/#itemTemplate) to customize all items. This example implements the **itemTemplate** property:

    <!-- tab: App.vue -->
    <template>
        <DxTileView
            :data-source="tiles"
            item-template="tileTemplate"
        >
            <template #tileTemplate="data">
                <div class="icon-box">

>                     <i :class="`dx-icon-${data.data.icon}`"></i>

Reviewer 2: seems one data in data.data is excessive?

Author: It doesn't work without both

    <!-- tab: App.tsx -->
    function TileRender(data: { icon: string; title: string; text: string }): JSX.Element {
        return (
            <>
                <div className="icon-box">
                    <i className={`dx-icon-${data.icon}`}></i>
                </div>
                <div className="text-box">
                    <h3 className="tile-title">{data.title}</h3>
                    <p className="tile-text">{data.text}</p>

>                 </div>

Reviewer 2: minor:

I think it'd be a bit easier to write
```js
const { icon, title, text } = data;
```

and use them directly like `dx-icon-${icon}`

but up to you

Author: I typically prefer explicit assignments, especially in less advanced tutorials, as `const { icon, title, text } = data;` can be a touch harder to read for newer developers. Thank you for the suggestion though, I will use destructuring syntax in other tutorials.
